Revamp Mix & OTP guides (#14637)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/mix-and-otp/supervisor-and-application.md

In practice, it is more likely you will reach the Erlang VM limit for the maximum number of atoms before you run out of memory, which will bring your system down regardless.

Luckily, Elixir (and Erlang) comes with built-in abstractions for naming processes, called name registries, each with different trade-offs which we will explore throughout these guides.

## Local, decentralized, and scalable registry

Elixir ships with a single-node process registry module aptly called `Registry`. Its main feature is that you can use any Elixir value to name a process, not only atoms. Let's take it for a spin in `iex`:

```elixir
iex> Registry.start_link(name: KV, keys: :unique)
iex> name = {:via, Registry, {KV, "shopping"}}
iex> KV.Bucket.start_link(name: name)
{:ok, #PID<0.43.0>}
iex> KV.Bucket.put(name, "milk", 1)
:ok
iex> KV.Bucket.get(name, "milk")
1
```

> As you can see, instead of passing an atom to the `:name` option, we pass a tuple of shape `{:via, registry_module, {registry_name, process_name}}`, and everything just worked. You could have used anything as the `process_name`, even an integer or a map! That's because all of Elixir built-in behaviours, agents, supervisors, tasks, etc. are compatible with naming registries, as long as you pass them using the "via" tuple format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, instead of passing an atom to the `:name` option, we pass a tuple of shape `{:via, registry_module, {registry_name, process_name}}`, and everything just worked. You could have used anything as the `process_name`, even an integer or a map! That's because all of Elixir built-in behaviours, agents, supervisors, tasks, etc, are compatible with naming registries, as long as you pass them using the "via" tuple format.
```

We wrote very little code but we did something incredibly powerful. We now have a function, `KV.start/2` that is invoked whenever your application starts. This gives us the perfect place to start our key-value registry. The `Application` module also allows us to define a `stop/1` callback and other funtionality. You can check the `Application` and `Supervisor` modules for extensive documentation on their uses.

Let's finally start our registry.

## Supervision trees

Now that we have the `start/2` callback, we can finally go ahead and start our registry. You may be tempted to do it like this:

```elixir
  def start(_type, _args) do
    Registry.start_link(name: KV, keys: :unique)
    Supervisor.start_link([], strategy: :one_for_one)
  end
```

However, this would not be a good idea. In Elixir, we typically start processes inside supervision trees. In fact, we rarely use the `start_link` functions to start processes (except at the root of the supervision tree itself). Instead, do this:

```elixir
  def start(_type, _args) do
    children = [
      {Registry, name: KV, keys: :unique}
    ]

    Supervisor.start_link(children, strategy: :one_for_one)
  end
```

> A supervisor receives one or more child specifications that tell exactly how to start each child. A child specification is typically represented by `{module, options}` pair, as shown above, and often as simply the module name. Sometimes, these children are supervisors themselves, giving ussupervision trees.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A supervisor receives one or more child specifications that tell it exactly how to start each child. A child specification is typically represented by a `{module, options}` pair, as shown above, and often as simply the module name. Sometimes, these children are supervisors themselves, giving us supervision trees.
```

Let's take it for a spin and see if we can indeed name our buckets using our new registry. Let's make sure to start a new `iex -S mix` (`recompile()` is not enough, as it does not reload your supervision tree) and then:

```iex
iex> name = {:via, Registry, {KV, "shopping"}}
iex> KV.Bucket.start_link(name: name)
{:ok, #PID<0.43.0>}
iex> KV.Bucket.put(name, "milk", 1)
:ok
iex> KV.Bucket.get(name, "milk")
1
```

Perfect, this time we didn't need to start the registry inside `iex`, as it was started as part of the application itself.

By starting processes inside supervisors, we gain important properties such as:

  * **Introspection**: for each application, you can fully introspect and visualize each process in its supervision tree, its memory usage, message queue, etc

  * **Resilience**: when a process fails for an unexpected reason, its supervisor controls if and how those processes should be restarted, leading to self-healing systems

>   * **Graceful shutdown**: when your application is shutting down, the children of a supervision tree is terminated in the opposite order it was started, leading to graceful shutdowns

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * **Graceful shutdown**: when your application is shutting down, the children of a supervision tree are terminated in the opposite order it was started, leading to graceful shutdowns
```

Reviewer 3: since it's multiple **children**, probably also "in the opposite order they were started"?

## Projects or applications?

Mix makes a distinction between projects and applications. Based on the contents of our `mix.exs` file, we would say we have a Mix project that defines the `:kv` application.

When we say "project" you should think about Mix. Mix is the tool that manages your project. It knows how to compile your project, test your project and more. It also knows how to compile and start the application relevant to your project.

When we talk about applications, we talk about OTP. Applications are the entities that are started and stopped as a whole by the runtime. You can learn more about applications and how they relate to booting and shutting down of your system as a whole in the documentation for the `Application` module.

## Summing up

We learned important concepts in this chapter:

>   * Naming registries allow us find processes in a given machine (or, as we will see in the future, even in a cluster)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Naming registries allows us to find processes in a given machine (or, as we will see in the future, even in a cluster)
```
